Reorg multisig page (#3877)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-account-multisig.md

import RPC from "./../../components/RPC-Connection";

## Introduction to Multisig Accounts

> It is possible to create a multi-signature account (multisig) in Substrate-based chains. A multisig is composed of one or more addresses and a threshold. The threshold defines how many

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to create multi-signature accounts (multisig) in Substrate-based chains. A multisig is composed of one or more addresses and a threshold. The threshold defines how many
```

and creation of a new one. As such, multisig account addresses are **deterministic**, i.e. you can
always calculate the address of a multisig by knowing the members and the threshold, without the
account existing yet. This means one can send tokens to an address that does not exist yet, and if
the entities designated as the recipients come together in a new multisig under a matching
threshold, they will immediately have access to these tokens.

### Making Transactions with a Multisig Account

There are three types of actions you can take with a multisig account:

- Executing a call `asMulti`. This is used to begin or end a multisig transaction.
- Approving a call `approveAsMulti`. This is used to approve an extrinsic and pass-on to the next signatory (see [example below](#example-using-multi-signature-accounts) for more information).
- Cancelling a call `cancelAsMulti`.

:::info

Check out [this page](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/substrate/extrinsics#multisig) for more information about the actions you can take with a multi-signature account.

:::

In scenarios where only a single approval is needed, a convenience method `as_multi_threshold_1`

> should be used. This function takes only the other signatories and the raw call as its arguments. Note that the Polkadot-JS UI does not have integration for this call because it is not possible to create multisig accounts with `threshold=1`. If you want to create a multisig with threshold 1, then you can use [txwrapper-core](https://github.com/paritytech/txwrapper-core), which is a tool that Parity supports with new features and weekly updates. There is a detailed [multisig example](https://github.com/paritytech/txwrapper-core/tree/main/packages/txwrapper-examples/multisig) that you can try out and change to see how it works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should be used. This function takes only the other signatories and the raw call as arguments. Note that the Polkadot-JS UI does not have integration for this call because it is not possible to create multisig accounts with `threshold=1`. If you want to create a multisig with threshold 1, you can use [txwrapper-core](https://github.com/paritytech/txwrapper-core), which is developed and supported by Parity Technologies. There is a detailed [multisig example](https://github.com/paritytech/txwrapper-core/tree/main/packages/txwrapper-examples/multisig) that you can try out and change to see how it works.
```

call, in this case, a balance transfer (`balances.transferKeepAlive` extrinsic) from multisig CDE to Frank's account. When doing this, Charlie will have to deposit `DepositBase + (2 * DepositFactor) = 20.152 DOT`
while he waits for either Dan or Eleanor also to approve the balance transfer call using the `multisig.approveAsMulti` or the `multisig.asMulti` extrinsics.

If Dan submits the `multisig.approveAsMulti` extrinsic, he approves Charlie's call but he passes on the final approval to Eleanor. So, although the multisig has threshold 2, in this case all 3/3 signatories need to participate in the transaction approval. Eleanor will need to submit a `multisig.asMulti` or `multisig.approveAsMulti` extrinsic to transfer funds from CDE to Frank.

Alternatively, Dan or Eleanor can just submit a `multisig.asMulti` extrinsic after Charlie to transfer the funds. In this case, 2/3 signatories will participate in the transaction approval. The accounts approving Charlie's call will not need to place the deposit, and Charlie will receive his
deposit back once the transfer is successful or canceled. To cancel the transaction, Dan or Eleanor can use the `multisig.cancelAsMulti` extrinsic.

> Note that multisigs are **deterministic**, which means that multisig addresses are generated from the addresses of signers and threshold of the multisig wallet. No matter the order of the signatories' accounts the multisig will have always the same address because accounts' addresses are sorted in ascending order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that multisigs are **deterministic**, which means that multisig addresses are generated from the addresses of signers and the threshold of the multisig wallet. No matter the order of the signatories' accounts, the multisig will always have the same address because accounts' addresses are sorted in ascending order.
```

:::note Addresses that are provided to the multisig wallet are sorted

Public keys of signers' wallets are compared byte-for-byte and sorted ascending before
being used to generate the multisig address.

:::

> This has some implications when using the Extrinsics Tab on the [Polkadot-JS UI](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/accounts) to perform multisig transactions. If the order of the _other signatories_ is wrong, the transaction will fail. This does not happen if the multisig is executed directly from the Accounts tab (recommended). The Polkadot-JS UI supports multisig accounts, as documented on the [Account Generation page](learn-account-generation.md#multi-signature-accounts). You can see our video tutorials for more information about creating multisig accounts and transacting with them using both the [Accounts Tab](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cPiKMslZqI) and the [Extrinsic Tab](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0vIuJcTJeQ) in the Polkadot-JS UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This has some implications when using the Extrinsics tab on the [Polkadot-JS UI](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/accounts) to perform multisig transactions. If the order of the _other signatories_ is wrong, the transaction will fail. This does not happen if the multisig is executed directly from the Accounts tab (recommended). The Polkadot-JS UI supports multisig accounts, as documented on the [Account Generation page](learn-account-generation.md#multi-signature-accounts). You can see our video tutorials for more information about creating multisig accounts and transacting with them using both the [Accounts Tab](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cPiKMslZqI) and the [Extrinsic Tab](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0vIuJcTJeQ) in the Polkadot-JS UI.
```
